how to customize a black smartphone
berry 10
you can customize your smartphone
blackberry customizing
configurations according to your
preferences on the home screen .
down on the screen and tap
settings and then on the display to
set an image as wallpaper
touch next to select paper.
wall
select one of the wallpapers
preloaded vata is the image that
like to set as wallpaper
and select to change the size of the
source from the drop-down list.
and select the font size you want to
want to use to change the brightness
slide the brightness settings bar
to the left or right to
decrease or increase the brightness
add the text that is displayed on the screen
when the appliance is locked
such as name and contact information on
the message text fields displayed in the
blocked screen
type the text you want to show you
you can rearrange the icons of
applications around the screen or
create and group the icons in folders to
move an icon on the home screen touch
hold the icon until it
start to flash drag the icon to
location of the home screen and release
you can use the blue vertical bar
to indicate where the icon will be placed
when you end the ring anywhere in the
save your changes
to add a folder to the home screen
tap and hold the icon until the
flashes the icon
another icon you want
include in the same folder
enter the name of the folder and tap Create
when you finish tapping the screen to save
your changes
to rename a folder in the tap folder
press and hold the name of the folder until
the text box to rename there
is displayed
enter the desired folder name and touch
rename to save changes
to move the icons to a folder
tap and hold the icon until the
flashes the icon
to the top of the folder and release
when you finish tapping the screen to save
your changes
to move an icon out of a
touch and hold a
icon until they all start flashing
drag the icon to the bottom of the
screen and release
when you finish tapping the screen to save
your changes
to exit a folder and return to the
slide from the bottom to the top of the
screen to change sounds ringtones or alerts
on the home screen touch settings and
notifications to change the
global notification settings
tap the mode drop-down list and select
one of the notification settings
pre-defined
you can modify other here
notification settings such as
sound vibrate led the volume to change the
notification settings
application in the
notifications touch app alerts
and make the necessary changes
visit black berry dot com bar
support for product manuals
and other useful information